docs(agents): add examining project skill (#852)
IBM/ado: .cursor/skills/examining-ado-project/SKILL.md

---
name: examining-ado-project
description: >-

>   Builds a picture of work in an ado project: activity volume,

Reviewer: In CLI terms this i a context, it might be better to stick to that word everywhere. Or, if we believe project is better, we can change the cli to at first add it and then eventually deprecate context/ctx

Author: I think context/project is valid - same as context/namespace in k8s. One is client side, one is server side. We need two terms as they are separate concepts - however since they are closely associated (a context is associated to a project by definition) they can often be used interchangeably in natural language without being ambiguous. 

An important factor is that this isn't docs: it's agent skill. One purpose is to help agent map the skill to what a human might type. So for example sometimes I might type project or others context due to my human brain being fuzzy. I need the skill to trigger on either. The skill will help the agent understand the nuances of the terminology

```bash
uv run ado template discoveryspace --include-schema
uv run ado template operation --include-schema
```

From **space** YAML: note **experiment** and **actuator** identifiers
referenced by each space.

Gain further information on the experiments using

```bash
# Outputs description of actuators used
uv run ado get actuators --details 
# Outputs description of experiments used 
uv run ado get experiments --details 
# Outputs detailed information on an experiment 
# Use to drill down into most used experiments
uv run ado describe experiment $EXPERIMENT_ID
```

From **operation** YAML: note actuatorconfigurations used (if any),
read **parameters** (operator-specific), target
**discoveryspace** references, and any fields that indicate **entity count /
batch / sample** configuration for explore operations.

**Synthesize:**

- What is being **measured** and with which experiments (domain of the project).
- Which **explore** (or similar) operations drove the largest submitted entity
  sets and on **which spaces**.
- Whether **experiment definitions or parameters** shift over time (versions,
  configs).

## 3. Space relationships and entity-space shape

> From step 2, pick a handful of **high-traffic or recent** spaces. For each,

Reviewer: With "high-traffic" you mean "commonly used", right?

Author: Sure - the agent picked high-traffic here as the term it liked. Maybe commonly used will be better for it.

> From step 2, pick a handful of **high-traffic or recent** spaces. For each,

Author: ```suggestion
From step 2, pick a handful of **commonly operated on or recent** spaces. For each,
```
